How to use Task Tracker GUI:

Operation 1: List all tasks

Whenever the user starts the application, they will be first greated to the main page, and immediately
notice three buttons in a row at the very top, following by a container in the center, and a
button on the very bottom. The very first button at the top in the row, is coloured blue by default whenever
the user first starts the program and is titled "All." Here the user will see all of their tasks 
listed in the container in the center. This container in the center only holds information regarding
all of their tasks whenever the user clicks the "All" button only.

By default, whenever the user launches the program they will always 
be directed to this page that holds all the tasks in the container in the center under the "All" button.
Note: If this is the very first time the user is running the program, then they will see a message
in the container that shows “No tasks to show.” All tasks are listed according to the tasks that have
the earliest date.


Operation 2: Add a new task

The button on the very bottom of the window that is centered and is titled "Add Task" allows us to add
new tasks to our application. This button is always present on the bottom of the screen.
Clicking on this button, opens up another smaller window that acts like a form to collect the necessary
information to post that new task. On that small window, the user will see two textfields, each in their own
row. Starting with the first row, the user will see the Name textfield. In the second row, the user will see
the Notes textfield. The user is expected to at least fill out the Name textfield, in order to add a 
new task. Otherwise, an error will pop up prompting the user to do so.

Under those two rows There is a Due date textfield which can only be modified by clicking on the
calendar img next to it. By clicking on the calendar img, a tiny popup that mimics a calendar is shown,
allowing the user to interactively select the month, year and day of their choice. By clicking on the 
numbers that are inside rows inside of a container under their respective weeks, allows the user to select
the day. At the very top center clicking on the month and year, allows the users to change them respectively.
Also, the single arrow allows to change the month, while the double arrows change the year.

Next to the calendar, is a drop down combo box. Inside here, the user will be able to select the time of
their choice in a 24 hour format, with the minutes progressing in 15 minute intervals. The user will be able
to edit the time as well inside the combo box, provided that the time fits accordingly under 24 hour format.
The user cannot also leave the due date blank, otherwise another error will pop up prompting the user to do
so.


Operation 3: Remove a task

To remove a task from the tasks listed in the center container that is present under all buttons in the top
row when clicking. The user must click on the "Remove Task" button, to remove that task they wish to be
removed, accordingly. This will remove the task from all pages that contain that task in center container.


Operation 4: Mark a task as completed/incomplete

To mark a task as completed/incompleted, in the "All" task page in the center container, there is a 
checkbox with a word beside called "Completed." This is checkbox and word is only present in this center
container under the "All" task page. The other pages will not contain them. Clicking on the checkbox
marks the task as completed, indicated by a checkmark. This will prevent the task from showing up in the
other pages' center container. If the checkbox is unchecked, then it will show up in the other pages'
center container, depending if the task is overdue or upcoming. By default, whenever a user adds a new task,
the task is always incompleted, with no checkmark.


Operation 5: List overdue incomplete tasks

By clicking on the button titled "Overdue" in the top row, it will show all the tasks that are overdue based 
off of the user's current time. The center container looks exactly the same as the All task page except
that the checkbox and the word completed is missing from the task in the center container. If there are no
tasks then the center container will show “No tasks to show.” If there are no tasks that are overdue
then the center container will show "No overdue incomplete tasks to show." All tasks are listed 
according to the tasks that have the earliest date.


Operation 6: List upcoming incomplete tasks

By clicking on the button titled "Upcoming" in the top row, it will show all the tasks that are upcoming 
based off of the user's current time. The center container looks exactly the same as the All task page except
that the checkbox and the word completed is missing from the task in the center container. If there are no
tasks then the center container will show “No tasks to show.” If there are no tasks that are upcoming
then the center container will show "No upcoming incomplete tasks to show." All tasks are listed 
according to the tasks that have the earliest date.



Operation 7: Exit
To exit out of the program, the user clicks on the X button on the top right corner of the program. 
The X button maybe on the left side corner of the program if you are not a Windows user. 
When the program exits, it will save whatever information you recently last had in each of the center
containers, showing your tasks, and whether they were completed or not.



